Add support for outetts (#49)
mozilla-ai/document-to-podcast: docs/step-by-step-guide.md

   - A **speaker profile** defines the voice characteristics (e.g., tone, speed, clarity) for each speaker. This is specific to each TTS package. Oute models require one of the IDs specified [here](https://github.com/edwko/OuteTTS/tree/main/outetts/version/v1/default_speakers). Parler requires natural language description of the speaker's voice and you have to use a pre-defined name (see [here](https://github.com/huggingface/parler-tts/blob/main/INFERENCE.md#speaker-consistency))

   - The function `text_to_speech` takes the input text (e.g. podcast script) and speaker profile, generating a waveform (audio data in a numpy array) that represents the spoken version of the text.

**2 - Parsing and Combining Voices**

- The [`script_to_audio.py`](api.md/#document_to_podcast.podcast_maker.script_to_audio) script ensures each speaker’s dialogue is spoken in their unique voice.

- The function `parse_script_to_waveform` splits the dialogue script by speakers and uses `text_to_speech` to generate audio for each speaker, stitching them together into a full podcast.

> - Once the podcast waveform is ready, the `save_waveform_as_file` function saves it as an audio file (e.g., MP3 or WAV), making it ready for distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once the podcast waveform is ready, the `soundfile.write` function saves it as an audio file (e.g., MP3 or WAV), making it ready for distribution.
```
